OADP-5354: Backup is failing on validation PartiallyFailed (#86780)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/installing-oadp-rosa-sts.adoc

  [default]
  role_arn = ${ROLE_ARN}
  web_identity_token_file = /var/run/secrets/openshift/serviceaccount/token
  region=<aws_region>  # <1>
EOF
----
+

> <1> <aws-region> is the AWS region in which the cloud resources has been created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<1> <aws_region> is the AWS region in which the cloud resources have been created.
```

> <1> <aws_region> is the AWS region in which the cloud resources have been created.

Reviewer 2: For this and mobb team's files (cloud-experts)
```suggestion
<1> <aws_region> is the AWS region to use for STS endpoint.
```
could work just as well. this implies not setting this would trigger the OADP-5354 bug.

  region = <aws_region> <1>
EOF
----

> <1> <aws_region> is the AWS region to use for {sts-short} endpoint.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
<1> Replace `<aws_region>` with the AWS region to use for the {sts-short} endpoint.
```

        - openshift
        - aws
        - csi
      nodeAgent: <2>
        enable: false

>         uploaderType: restic

Reviewer 4: kopia i suggest

Author: @stillalearner - thanks, updated... added additional callout - keep or lose?

>         uploaderType: restic

Author: ```suggestion
        uploaderType: kopia # <3>
```

EOF
----
<1> ROSA supports internal image backup. Set this field to `false` if you do not want to use image backup.

> <2> See the important note regarding the `nodeAgent` attribute.

Author: ```suggestion
<2> See the important note regarding the `nodeAgent` attribute.
<3> The type of uploader. The possible values are `restic` or `kopia`. The built-in Data Mover uses Kopia as the default uploader mechanism regardless of the value of the `uploaderType` field.
```

        - openshift
        - aws
        - csi

>       nodeAgent: <2>

Author: ```suggestion
      nodeAgent:  # <2>
```
